1. The game begins with a random combination of two (total) 2-tiles and 4-tiles.
    Play the game multiple times (e.g. press play, close out of the window, play
     again, etc. If line 338 (srand(time(0));) in model.cxx is commented out,
     this may not work.
2. The arrow keys are used to control movement of the tiles. The up arrow moves
   all the free tiles up, the down arrow moves all the free tiles down, the
   right arrow moves all the free tiles to the right, and the left arrow moves
   all the free tiles to the left. (4 covers whether all the tiles are able to
   move, or free)
    Play the game, using each arrow key.
3. Each numbered tile is a different color (e.g. 2 is tan, 4 is darker tan,
   etc.)
    Play the game -- each tile that spawns is a different color. To place
    most of the possible tiles on the board, uncomment lines 24 through 38 in
    model.cxx and comment out lines 22 and 23. The score will not update
    correctly because this is not an intended function of the game.
4. The tiles move with only if there is empty space (e.g. moving to the left
   using the arrow key if there are no blank spaces to the left will do
   nothing).
    Play the game, using each arrow key.
5. The score is kept in the top right corner of the screen, defined by the sum
   of all tiles that have ever been on the board.
    Play the game, using each arrow key.
6. For every new move, a new (either 2 or 4) tile appears randomly on the board
   in spaces without tiles.
    Play the game, using each arrow key.
7. Two tiles merge if they have the same number and are pushed together.
    Play the game, using each arrow key.
8. If a 2048 tile appears on the board, the user has won the game and a "You
   won the game" message appears on the board. The user is given the option to
   continue.
    Play the game, using each arrow key. To test this functionality without
    having to play the entire game, change the winningtile_ member to initialize
    to a lower number such as 16 or 32 (line 13 in model.cxx).
9. If the board is full, with no more possible merges, the user has lost and a
   "You lost the game" message appears on the board. The user is given the
   option to restart.
    Play the game, using the arrow keys, until there are no more spaces left and
    no mmore possible merges.
10. The game keeps track of the time allotted in the top right hand corner.
    Play the game, using the arrow keys. The timer stops when the user has lost
    or won the game, continues if they choose to continue, and restarts if they
    choose to restart.